pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About
layout: about
permalink: /about.html
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

{% include feature/jumbotron.html objectid="https://cdil.lib.uidaho.edu/images/palouse_sm.jpg" %} 

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="About the Collection;About the About Page" %}

## About the Collection

This demo collection features items from the University of Idaho Library's [Digital Collections](https://www.lib.uidaho.edu/digital/), and is build using [CollectionBuilder-SA](https://github.com/CollectionBuilder/collectionbuilder-sa).

CollectionBuilder-SA is a "Stand Alone" template for creating digital collection and exhibit websites using Jekyll, given:

- a CSV of collection metadata
- a folder of images, PDFs, audio, or video files

Driven by your collection metadata, the template generates engaging visualizations to browse and explore your objects.
The resulting static site can be hosted on any basic web server.

[CollectionBuilder](https://github.com/CollectionBuilder/) is an set of open source tools for creating digital collection and exhibit websites that are driven by metadata and powered by modern static web technology.
See [CB Docs](https://collectionbuilder.github.io/cb-docs/) for detailed information.

<!-- IMPORTANT!!! DELETE everything below this comment (and this comment) when you are finished editing this page for your collection. The included file below includes instructions for inserting features into your about page. They will show up on your collection's about page until you delete it.  -->
{% include cb/about_the_about.md %}

Commit message:

changed about page text into mine

pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About
layout: about
permalink: /about.html
# include CollectionBuilder info at bottom
credits: true
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

{% include feature/jumbotron.html objectid="https://cdil.lib.uidaho.edu/images/palouse_sm.jpg" %} 

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="About the Collection;About the About Page" %}

## About the Collection

This test archive features snippets of my personal computer and my life; though just four items currently, it could be a great help in discovering a way to me learning about tools to organize information, which is a very helpful skill to have in these days of information overload and ease of use of information tools (i.e., smartphones).

Thanks to [CollectionBuilder-SA](https://github.com/CollectionBuilder/collectionbuilder-sa) for being a wonderful and easy-to-use tool in creating digital archives.

CollectionBuilder-SA is a "Stand Alone" template for creating digital collection and exhibit websites using Jekyll, given:

- a CSV of collection metadata
- a folder of images, PDFs, audio, or video files

Driven by your collection metadata, the template generates engaging visualizations to browse and explore your objects.
The resulting static site can be hosted on any basic web server.

[CollectionBuilder](https://github.com/CollectionBuilder/) is an set of open source tools for creating digital collection and exhibit websites that are driven by metadata and powered by modern static web technology.
See [CB Docs](https://collectionbuilder.github.io/cb-docs/) for detailed information.

<!-- IMPORTANT!!! DELETE everything below this comment (and this comment) when you are finished editing this page for your collection. The included file below includes instructions for inserting features into your about page. They will show up on your collection's about page until you delete it.  -->
{% include cb/about_the_about.md %}
